c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.pdb
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.pdb
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\obj\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.dll
c:\users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\obj\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\obj\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Student.Interface.dll
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Student.Interface.pdb
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Sudent.BusinessRepository.dll
C:\Users\zia\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Mvc4App1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Sudent.BusinessRepository.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Student.Interface.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Sudent.BusinessRepository.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Mvc4App1.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Student.Interface.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Sudent.BusinessRepository.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\obj\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\obj\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\obj\Debug\Mvc4App1.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\zia\Documents\GitHub\Mvc4Learning1\Mvc4App1.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
